Issue #1262. Added Items::getTitle and used in stocks (#1485)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/changelog.txt

======== IMPORTANT: rename this, and add a new "future" section, BEFORE ========
======== making a new DFHack release!                                   ========
================================================================================
# Future

## Fixes

> - `stocks`: fixed display of titles by using the new ``Items::`getTitle`` operation before the original one, issue 1262

Reviewer: Should update this - and also, not sure what the backtick after the `::` is doing here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `stocks`: fixed display of titles by using the new ``Items::getBookTitle`` operation before the original one
```

(we historically haven't put issues in here, and the changelog script probably won't handle links well... I suppose I could address that)
